feat: Activate Version with example test (#89)
MeltanoLabs/target-postgres: README.md

| user                  |  False   |        None         | User name used to authenticate. Note if sqlalchemy_url is set this will be ignored.                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| password              |  False   |        None         | Password used to authenticate. Note if sqlalchemy_url is set this will be ignored.                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| database              |  False   |        None         | Database name. Note if sqlalchemy_url is set this will be ignored.                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | sqlalchemy_url        |  False   |        None         | SQLAlchemy connection string. This will override using host, user, password, port,dialect. Note that you must esacpe password specialcharacters properly seehttps://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/20/core/engines.html#escaping-special-characters-such-as-signs-in-passwords |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| sqlalchemy_url        |  False   |        None         | SQLAlchemy connection string. This will override using host, user, password, port,dialect. Note that you must escape password special characters properly. See https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/20/core/engines.html#escaping-special-characters-such-as-signs-in-passwords |
```

| dialect+driver        |  False   | postgresql+psycopg2 | Dialect+driver see https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/20/core/engines.html. Generally just leave this alone. Note if sqlalchemy_url is set this will be ignored.                                                                                                           |
| default_target_schema |  False   |        None         | Postgres schema to send data to, example: tap-clickup                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | hard_delete           |  False   |          0          | When activate version is sent from a tap this specefies if we should delete the records that don't match, or mark them with a date in the `_sdc_deleted_at` column.                                                                                                    |

Author: Boolean should be generated as True / False here I think? I'll leave for now

Reviewer: Agreed. Very strange that it shows defaults of `0`. Agreed though we don't need to block on this.
